## Subresource Integrity

If you are loading Highlight.js via CDN you may wish to use [Subresource Integrity](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Subresource_Integrity) to guarantee that you are using a legimitate build of the library.

To do this you simply need to add the `integrity` attribute for each JavaScript file you download via CDN. These digests are used by the browser to confirm the files downloaded have not been modified.

```html
<script
  src="//cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/highlight.js/11.9.0/highlight.min.js"
  integrity="sha384-xBsHBR6BS/LSlO3cOyY2D/4KkmaHjlNn3NnXUMFFc14HLZD7vwVgS3+6U/WkHAra"></script>
<!-- including any other grammars you might need to load -->
<script
  src="//cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/highlight.js/11.9.0/languages/go.min.js"
  integrity="sha384-WmGkHEmwSI19EhTfO1nrSk3RziUQKRWg3vO0Ur3VYZjWvJRdRnX4/scQg+S2w1fI"></script>
```

The full list of digests for every file can be found below.

### Digests

```
sha384-uBlc/xEFeDxZmBU7K/YWwi3ryXQrLQCAY2K1Dl3OD2DaAQBZZTt6Ew3aeDP20ix0 /es/languages/bash.js
sha384-4qer4rJCVxZjkwD4YaJfOnT2NOOt0qdjKYJM2076C+djiJ4lgrP1LVsB/MCpJSET /es/languages/bash.min.js
sha384-Sp8E1Lb9fNhbvqBiogM60TCgpAIwYBi8WbHhIHcXO0bR5Z+9LeYwpDa1gkjzU99W /es/languages/csharp.js
sha384-huUb4Ol37G1WrtGV7bn1UArXcJSjD4tQswMGzgpNZYAPxR74MHTqW79z1dXWMvhk /es/languages/csharp.min.js
sha384-lZQp/EFiCoX1u9SeTlr5j1oULRhxSd9gBGl25v0bm17TTE/DXlbDtsFDdaQvFHiw /es/languages/haxe.js
sha384-SVFB5K3g6+IUca/JOVZ/3Xb6vzLQ+DEJMC3hxJjKTpbKPLdLhBcaZwL1RY9VaKbI /es/languages/haxe.min.js
sha384-OFoR8IZ+CFwcY8plx8HSDZNoCwLxc701CwdNGfoIEhSgwAbwhvInaxnEi3HYTt2Q /es/languages/xml.js
sha384-yFd3InBtG6WtAVgIl6iIdFKis8HmMC7GbbronB4lHJq3OLef3U8K9puak6MuVZqx /es/languages/xml.min.js
sha384-qbbaBGYYg7PdopdWOGj8KdkBosUDY5PAe3aTMJKTqWcriPBJJzCVu5BlwNEwqr9U /languages/bash.js
sha384-ByZsYVIHcE8sB12cYY+NUpM80NAWHoBs5SL8VVocIvqVLdXf1hmXNSBn/H9leT4c /languages/bash.min.js
sha384-8sbRwiU8Ar2M7+w//1u7YiI1e7KsmB4k3QbW/m1IW5FVH51HiOpR7g5QGE3RqTNi /languages/csharp.js
sha384-wWP4JQEhRVshehTP7lUMDn3yhDI2+398vN2QW5LBt1xIpK0Gfu4dPviO8tP9XRo5 /languages/csharp.min.js
sha384-lck/LqDqfpCkfVfsruoAIEm5i6D66TIBvliiD+iPwv0eE2m+8HqTtSXKBD02Uoxu /languages/haxe.js
sha384-uUmo8PWFx8gz1l7YQJJni6Enst2ZpJpYOnegvyrILp5YdqT9dwQuStgIob3F5few /languages/haxe.min.js
sha384-+PuZYFfVX2UQZU2yKt/FsJUZNUPzZWxW7auXltsaecr1xLvzBYF3c5gYoyOs1++x /languages/xml.js
sha384-jgkY4GMNWfQcLLIoP1vg3FWXflDrRhcSXGBW6ONIWC2SOIv5H1Pa57sXs+aomCuZ /languages/xml.min.js
sha384-ij2WfLBTKKcJScltXOyF8d+/3P27gwlh1LYLeVmGfQO96RygJWNCK1lJ1G3/M3OO /highlight.js
sha384-ur0+iDdWIupb0K/oyZXwLunOIqRI3Ug60G0YAS5LjT5WrBr+jGsmMUomu0KZY/ak /highlight.min.js
```

